Implement prototype for SuluTrashBundle (#6132)
sulu/sulu: UPGRADE.md

CREATE TABLE tr_trash_item_translations (id INT AUTO_INCREMENT NOT NULL, locale VARCHAR(191) DEFAULT NULL, title VARCHAR(191) NOT NULL, trashItemId INT NOT NULL, INDEX IDX_8264DAF45C8D7CA (trashItemId), UNIQUE INDEX UNIQ_8264DAF45C8D7CA4180C698 (trashItemId, locale), PRIMARY KEY(id)) DEFAULT CHARACTER SET utf8mb4 COLLATE `utf8mb4_unicode_ci` ENGINE = InnoDB;
ALTER TABLE tr_trash_items ADD CONSTRAINT FK_102989B64B64DCC FOREIGN KEY (userId) REFERENCES se_users (id) ON DELETE SET NULL;
ALTER TABLE tr_trash_item_translations ADD CONSTRAINT FK_8264DAF45C8D7CA FOREIGN KEY (trashItemId) REFERENCES tr_trash_items (id) ON DELETE CASCADE;
```

> For MYSQL 5.6 and lower, the `JSON` type of the `restoreData` column must be replaced with `TEXT`. See the [doctrine/dbal type](https://www.doctrine-project.org/projects/doctrine-dbal/en/latest/reference/types.html#json) documentation.

Finally, you need to include the routes of the bundle in your `config/routes/sulu_admin.yaml`:

```yaml
sulu_trash_api:
    resource: "@SuluTrashBundle/Resources/config/routing_api.yml"
    type: rest
    prefix: /admin/api
```

> 

Reviewer: i think its also necessary to add the javascript to the `package.json` and `index.js`

## 2.x

### Added restore method to TagManagerInterface

The `TagManagerInterface` declares a new method `restore`.
If you have overridden this service in your project without extending from Sulu's `TagManager`,
you need to implement this new method in order to be able to restore trashed tags.

### Changed constructor of multiple services to integrate them with the SuluTrashBundle

To integrate the `SuluTrashBundle` with the existing services, the constructor of the following services was
adjusted. If you have extended one of these services in your project, you need to adjust your `parent::__construct`
call to pass the correct parameters:

- `Sulu\Bundle\TagBundle\Tag\TagManager`

### Added SuluTrashBundle to make resources trashable/restorable

A new bundle was added to the `sulu/sulu` package. The `SuluTrashBundle` implements the functionality to move resources
to trash and restore them from trash. To register the services of the bundle in your project, you need
to add the bundle to your `config/bundles.php` file:

```diff
+    Sulu\Bundle\TrashBundle\SuluTrashBundle::class => ['all' => true],
```

> Additionally, you need to update your database schema to include the tables that are used by the bundle:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To update your database schema to include the tables that are used by the bundle, you need to execute the following SQL statements:
```

CREATE TABLE tr_trash_item_translations (id INT AUTO_INCREMENT NOT NULL, locale VARCHAR(191) DEFAULT NULL, title VARCHAR(191) NOT NULL, trashItemId INT NOT NULL, INDEX IDX_8264DAF45C8D7CA (trashItemId), UNIQUE INDEX UNIQ_8264DAF45C8D7CA4180C698 (trashItemId, locale), PRIMARY KEY(id)) DEFAULT CHARACTER SET utf8mb4 COLLATE `utf8mb4_unicode_ci` ENGINE = InnoDB;
ALTER TABLE tr_trash_items ADD CONSTRAINT FK_102989B64B64DCC FOREIGN KEY (userId) REFERENCES se_users (id) ON DELETE SET NULL;
ALTER TABLE tr_trash_item_translations ADD CONSTRAINT FK_8264DAF45C8D7CA FOREIGN KEY (trashItemId) REFERENCES tr_trash_items (id) ON DELETE CASCADE;
```

> For MYSQL 5.6 and lower, the `JSON` type of the `restoreData` column must be replaced with `TEXT`. See the [doctrine/dbal type](https://www.doctrine-project.org/projects/doctrine-dbal/en/latest/reference/types.html#json) documentation.

> Finally, you need to include the routes of the bundle in your `config/routes/sulu_admin.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you need to include the routes of the bundle in your `config/routes/sulu_admin.yaml`:
```

```yaml
sulu_trash_api:
    resource: "@SuluTrashBundle/Resources/config/routing_api.yml"
    type: rest
    prefix: /admin/api
```

> then add the following to the dependencies section of your `assets/admin/package.json`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, you need to add the Javascript code of the bundle to the dependencies section in your `assets/admin/package.json`:
```

```json
"sulu-trash-bundle": "file:node_modules/@sulu/vendor/sulu/sulu/src/Sulu/Bundle/TrashBundle/Resources/js",
```

> and import the `SuluTrashBundle` assets in your `assets/admin/index.js`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you need to import the `SuluTrashBundle` Javascript code in your `assets/admin/index.js` file:
```
